every commandment which I command you
today you must be careful to observe
that you may live and multiply and go in
and possess the land of which the Lord
swore to your father's and you shall
remember that the Lord your God led you
all the way these 40 years in the
wilderness to Humble you and test you to
know what was in your heart whether you
would keep his Commandments or not so he
humbled you allowed you to hunger and
fed you with manna which you did not
know nor did your fathers know that he
might make you know that man shall not
live by bread alone man lives by every
word that proceeds from the mouth of the
Lord your garments did not wear out on
you nor did your foot swell these 40
years you should know in your heart that
as a man Chasen's his son so the Lord
your God chastens you therefore you
shall keep the commandments of the Lord
your God to walk in his ways and to fear
him for the Lord your God is bringing
you into a good land a land of Brooks of
water the fountains and Springs that
flow out valleys and hills land of wheat
and barley vines and feed
trees and pomegranates a land of olive
oil and honey a land in which you will
eat bread without scarcity in which you
will lack nothing a land whose stones
are iron and out of whose hills you can
dig copper when you have eat mmm and are
full then you shall bless the Lord your
God for the good land which he has given
you beware that you do not forget the
Lord your God by not keeping his
Commandments his judgments and his
statutes which I command you today lest
when you have eaten an hour flow and
have built beautiful houses and dwell in
them
and when your hers and your flocks
multiply and your silver and your gold
are multiplied and all that you have is
multiplied when your heart is lifted up
and you forget the Lord your God who
brought you out of the land of Egypt
from the house of bondage who led you
through that great and terrible
wilderness in which were fiery serpents
and scorpions and thirsty land where
there was no water who brought water for
you out of the flinty Rock who fed you
in the wilderness with manna which your
fathers did not know that he might
Humble you and that he might test you to
do you good in the end then you say in
your heart my power and the might of my
hand
have gained me this wealth and you shall
remember the Lord your God for it is he
who gives you power to get wealth that
he may establish his covenant which he
swore to your father's as it is this day
then it shall be if you by any means
forget the Lord your God and follow
other gods and serve them and worship
them I testify against you this day that
you shall surely perish as the nations
which the Lord destroys before you so
you shall perish because you would not
be obedient to the voice of the Lord
your God
[Music]